<!doctype html>
<html>
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8">
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no">

		<title>reveal.js</title>

		<link rel="stylesheet" href="dist/reset.css">
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="dist/reveal.css">
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="dist/theme/black.css" id="theme">

		<!-- Theme used for syntax highlighted code -->
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="plugin/highlight/monokai.css" id="highlight-theme">
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="reveal">
			<div class="slides">
                <section>
                    <section>
                        <h1>BAPC21</h1>
                        Presentation for the STORM board.
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>LOC</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li><a href="#/event">What is the event</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#/plan">What is our (current) plan</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#/help">How to help</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#/watch">Watch out</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#/motivated">Motivated?</a></li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                </section>
                <section id="event">
                    <section>
                        <h1>What is the event</h1>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>BAPC</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Programming competition</li>
                            <li>Solve algorithmic problems in five hours</li>
                            <li>3 students, 1 computer</li>
                            <li>A lot more paper involved; printing code/problem set etc.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Target group</h2>
                        <ul>
			                <li><a href="https://icpc.global/newcms/regionals/rules/EligibilityDecisionTree-2020.pdf">Check the ICPC Regionals Eligibility Decision Tree</a></li>
                            <li>Basicly maximum first year master</li>
                            <li>In general all institutes (uni/hbo) of the BeNeLux:
                                <ol>
                                    <li>Belgium</li>
                                    <li>Netherlands (most teams)</li>
                                    <li>Luxembourg (not represented yet)</li>
                                </ol>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Selection</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Jury consists of people from the field/universities</li>
                            <li>Optional to have preliminaries at your institute: 
				    <ol>
					    <li>More teams per university than BAPC spots</li>
					    <li>Practice round for BAPC</li>
					    <li>For the VU, it's AAPP</li>
				    </ol>
                            <li>Up to the university which team to promote</li>
                            <li>After BAPC -> NWERC -> WF</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                </section>
                <section id="plan">
                    <section>
                        <h1>Onsite</h1>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Saturday event, from 9.00 till ~20.00</li>
                            <li>Many volunteers needed</li>
                            <li>Registration desk! Welcoming teams to the VU!</li>
                            <li>Helping sponsors, tech & AV</li>
                            <li>Runners needed to help during the contest</li>
                            <li>For example, handing out printed code, security etc.</li>
                            <li>Prep: making goodiebags, setup contest floor, the network drinks etc.</li>
                            <li>Post: teardown</li>
                        </ul>	
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h1>Online</h1>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Use a geeky platform</li>
                            <li>Send goodiebags</li>
                            <li>High class booklet</li>
                            <li>Stream jury presentation</li>
                            <li>3 persons, 3 computers format</li>
                            <li>Hard to get participant sponsor interaction</li>
                            <li>Improve on the Delft standard (last year)</li>
                            <li>Expected money will be enough (!?)</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                </section>
                <section id="help">
                    <section>
                        <h2>General STORM help</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Every committee can help</li>
                            <li>This is something STORM organizes!</li>
                            <li>We will do the overview but need experts of other committees</li>
                            <li>We can give an good competition, but an awesome event needs more people</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>General stuff</h2>
                        You want to help but dont know what to do:
                        Contact Margaux, Alex or Myl√®ne
                        <h2>Volunteer stuff (for the day itself)</h2>
                        Contact William
                        <h2>Design stuff</h2>
                        Contact Lieve/Sofia
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Sponsoring stuff</h2>
                        Contact Claudia (or Youri)
                        <h2>Technical/AV stuff</h2>
                        Contact Shane/Jeroen
                        <h2>Contest stuff</h2>
                        Contact Michael (or Erik)
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Fincances</h2>
                        Special thanks to Wilkin/Janus!
                    </section>
                </section>
                <section id="watch">
                    <section>
                        <h2>Coachmeeting vs WISO</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Very little for this should be discussed at the WISO</li>
				            <li>Belgium and Luxembourg are not represented at those meetings</li>
                            <li>The coaches know what they do and are pretty stubborn</li>
                            <li>Bid for BAPC two years ahead at the coachmeeting</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Corona</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Planning 2 events is hard</li>
                            <li>Pressure on date together with location should start soon</li>
                            <li>Corona plan for simular event was accepted by the VU, our ideas seem to be corona proof</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Budget</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li><s>Still not 100% clear how the finances are handled</s></li>
                            <li>Not all contracts are in yet, so can only spend money when it comes in</li>
                            <li>GA budget is not representative for what will happen</li>
                            <li>The current budget needs more money than we expect</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>Before the event</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Redirect questions to us</li>
                            <li>There is a SLACK which has most info together with 2021.bapc.eu</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                    <section>
                        <h2>During/After the event</h2>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Be available</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>
                </section>
                <section id="motivated">
                    <h2>Motivated?</h2>
                    <ul>
                        <li>In theory we can pitch to host NWERC</li>
                        <li>Its different awesome, and different work</li>
                        <li>Would be in two years, November 202{2,3}</li>
                        <li>Put here to make STORM aware, not because it has been discussed</li>
                    </ul>
                </section>
                <section>
                    <h1>Questions?</h1>
                </section>
			</div>
		</div>

		<script src="dist/reveal.js"></script>
		<script src="plugin/notes/notes.js"></script>
		<script src="plugin/markdown/markdown.js"></script>
		<script src="plugin/highlight/highlight.js"></script>
		<script>
			// More info about initialization & config:
			// - https://revealjs.com/initialization/
			// - https://revealjs.com/config/
			Reveal.initialize({
				hash: true,

				// Learn about plugins: https://revealjs.com/plugins/
				plugins: [ RevealMarkdown, RevealHighlight, RevealNotes ]
			});
		</script>
	</body>
</html>
